Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what you're going to do in this lecture is whenever we delete the order, we are not just going
to delete it from the database, but as well we're going to need to update the UI.
So I set that current change.
Okay.
So if we click on this and we get this deleted as well, we are going to need to update the UI to get
rid of this.
Okay.
Now to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VSC code and we are going to go to the provider
directory and then the order go Dutch and we are going to use this which you have seen before.
So over here all we just have to say sorry, okay?
All we just have to say is just use something which you've seen before.
Known as not to.
Notify.
No, Jeff, I just have to wait.
Okay.
Notify listener.
So what's this is going to do is it's going to look for the change we are making to this order that
says if we are deleting, these are not then is going to have dates UI based on the change we are making.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can just go ahead and march.
We start this.
Or it starts in and.
All right, you start, then.
It's going to take some time and.
It's going to be fully restarted started okay you can see okay or to lower that and okay so what we
can now do is it's going to take us back to the home screen and then.
We can check for orders.
Okay.
My orders.
You can see currently we have one.
And now let's try to delete this.
Okay.
I think I'm having some network issue.
That's why it's not deleted.
And twice.
If you go and check, you can see what else is going to get rid of this, admittedly.
Okay.
Right.
So this is basically it's okay, guys.
See you in the next picture.